Clarify github linking steps for best results (#785)
gruntwork-io/docs: docs/intro/dev-portal/link-github-id.md

1. Sign in to the Gruntwork Developer Portal and navigate to your [Profile Settings](https://app.gruntwork.io/settings/profile).
2. Click **Unlink** in the description under the **GitHub Account** section.
3. Click **Yes, Unlink My Account** in the confirmation dialog that appears.

> 4. Proceed with the [steps above](#linking-your-github-account) to link a new GitHub account. **For best results, we recommend performing these steps in an incognito browser window. This will ensure that you can use the exact GitHub account that you want to link.**

Reviewer: Thanks for putting this together, Ore! I recommend using italics instead of bold here.
```suggestion
4. Proceed with the [steps above](#linking-your-github-account) to link a new GitHub account *using a private/incognito browser window*. (This guarantees you'll have an opportunity to specify the new account you wish to link.)
```
